Generally takes place in the world of "Minecraft", however it is internally referred to as "Earth". Name of nations, states/provinces and cities can be used fast or loosely so long as it makes sense within its context. (San Andreas and California or New York and Liberty City probably shouldn't exist simultaneously, same with the United States of America or Blackthorne + its neighboring rival nations)

The term of "humans" should refer less to homo sapiens and more to the lively inhabitants of this world, with humanity referring to one's sentience and compassion. Whether legally-gray migrant aliens from distant worlds or mythical species of lore, they are equal in being to their vaguely monkey-ish lookalikes just the same as intelligent animals or metallic machines are.
A large majority of vehicles tend to be sentient and "living" in one form or another. This doesn't mean every vehicle is, nor are they all presented in the same manner of function or appearance, however there is most certainly the existence of "living machines" within this world.
Death generally isn't permanent as there are many methods in which one's existence may be revitalized once more, be it their soul's arduous journey in returning to this plane of existence (as a shadowsoul or through external means) or a physical reconstruction of their body prompting its forced return. The latter is particularly of note for previously-mentioned living machines depending on their construction and form of being. Overall each person's interpretation can be applied as seen fit, as long as it is not imposed onto others without their will.

Time travel is possible if not difficult to achieve, the same applies to long-distance space travel.
On the topic of time, all future timelines can be considered canon due to the capricious and fickle nature of the Butterfly Effect - just ask your friend Pete, if you still remember him! Whether ending in total armageddon, advancing into a planetary union or remaining in a stagnant apocalypse, all timelines are acceptable under the clause that no single timeline is the absolute, definitive end; only select aspects can remain constant throughout them such as base concepts, individuals and their relationships, etc.
