This pack is a little more than just a passionate hobby of mine, it has also been my small emotional outlet. This has lead to it being used with ill-intent towards some particular individuals.
I am no longer the same person I was back then, and I often condemn myself for what I've done in the past. My actions have left me with no ability to apologize and make amends, and truthfully I don't know if I ever deserve to.
The people I've burnt bridges with certainly did not deserve my scorn, no matter how they acted themselves; everything a person decides on is of their own voilition, and I made the choice to target them myself.

This is for me to say, there are some internal elements of this mod created or named in poor taste. Some of it I haven't gotten around to changing or removing as is appropriate, and some things can't be altered without a risk of damaging players' worlds. (As if I don't manage to do that every other update, anyways... whoops.)
All malicious functions have long since been deleted from this mod's source code and poses no risk to anyone's computer, regardless of who it belongs to.
I no longer hold a grudge towards those who didn't do anything to warrant it. I wish I could tell them I'm sorry, and I am.



-



Doc, if you're reading this, I am sorry I took your jokes and tones to be offensive, and that I managed to spiral the discussion of the (new for the time) skins feature into such a hostile argument.
I would also like to apologize to associates of his, for my behavior toward them as a result of their association to Dr_Prof_Luigi.

There's probably no way that Beekeeper or Hollie have ever seen my pack, let alone seen the content geared towards them. Nevertheless I'm sorry to you two as well. I hope you're still together and doing well by now, all these years later.

xdg/felin, while I will never condone the opinions you've shown publically, and on that really cool server, it never justified such combative treatment from me. My apologies.

Blaze, you've been an unfortunate victim of my tirade against DPL, UNU, and MTS as a whole. Even against you by the end of it, and as recently as last year. I also repeatedly teased you over private topics that you wished to keep private, but I did not respect your wishes. I've never been a good friend to you.



I've been an asshole to all of you, and certainly more people around this cold little rock we call home. I wish I'd acted better while I still had the chance. I wish I could make up for it, but I'll never blame anyone for keeping their distance from me.



-cbc/td/fdsv8
